We struggled through all these different ways
of increasing inclusion and diversity. It was
really hard to do all that, and then it wasn’t
very successful. Folks that I knew just really
were not that interested, or they would show
up and they would feel very out of place and
kind of uncomfortable. And kind of just only hang
around each other and then not come back. And so,
at some point I became quite burnt out. It was
probably around that time that I was debating
like, “What am I going to do? How do I tell my
committee that it was actually ill-suited?” I’m
not a great committee member for hosting
a bathhouse. I just really believe in it,
but it’s not my strength. And so, there was a lot
of things we were doing that I felt kind of out of
my league. And many of the people who were on the
committee are very connected, well-established,
white queer women who, kind of, run in similar
circles. And so, they would be very competent at
a lot of things that I wasn’t. And so, I actually
think I was struggling myself to really see my
worth, to really feel well used. I was planning on
quitting shortly after the raid, and then the raid
happened, so it, kind of, delayed. So, I don’t
really know when my official resignation was,
and I don’t really think it mattered that
much. Because I was already quite apart. Yeah,
I think I felt really torn, and I felt really
ashamed that I wasn’t a better organizer. I
want to be a very good one. And I think I
had the belief that it was really a game or
an experience that’s much more meant for the type
of personality that was same as some of the more
dominant members. Femme, top, tall, established,
personable, vivacious, extrovert. And so,
I just felt like a little brown, quiet mouse
on the side. That was my experience because
it just echoed some experiences from my past. I
don’t think it itself was exactly that. I could
have been a different person and thrived and been
contributive in a significant way. I just didn’t
know how to thrive in that environment. I wrote
a resignation letter, and I read it to the group.
And it was cathartic enough to just tell the
truth to the group, and say, “I feel small here,
and I don’t like it, and I don’t want to. This
is hard and it was harder than I expected,
but I needed to do this and thank you.” And
also, “I don’t know if this is going to work;”
a women’s bathhouse, or a women-and-trans
bathhouse, that isn’t primarily white.